test: only skip validation tests when given explicit flag (#472)
CQCL/guppylang: README.md

Run tests using

```sh
uv run pytest [-v]  # -v just enables verbose test output
```

> (If you have not build the validator, you can `uv run pytest --no_validation`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(If you have not built the validator, you can do `uv run pytest --no_validation`.)
```
